Physical Proximity Is Not The Same As Proximity in Spike Space / Warp Space
But It doesn't matter.


Default Generation Techique 
* Generate Lots of Systems 
* Stock with Inhabited Worlds
 
Question: 
How Much of the Sector Should be constructed at once

Question:
Roll A Sector

8x10 Sector Map
Cluster Them (bump to nearest if occupied)

2 Away Max - Network Connections

If Rolled Atmosphere Conflicts, Reroll

Optionally, you can go on to add additional planets or points of interest to each system.

Assumption is that worlds that in contact with eachother have some knowledge

Military Alliance
Trade Alliance
Cultural Alliance
TL4 Planet Controlling Low Tech Planets

But some have no multi-system government

Planet Name, Description
Summarize How the Two Tags Relate To Each Other

Pick Adventure World and Adjacent Worlds
* Cultural Template + Colonist Reason

Merged NPC Concepts
Merged Enemy 
Merged Friend
Merged Thing
Merged Place

What does this world have that the PCs might care 
about? 
Does it export a valuable and portable commodity?
Provide a special tech? 
Unique job opportunities for expendable offworlder adventurers?

What is the biggest conflict on the world right now? 
Is it a social struggle between classes, 
tension with offworlder merchants or visitors
a war going on among local governments, or some other big crisis? 

Every world should have at least one obvious conflict 
that the PCs might choose to engage or be pulled into.

What do they think about outsiders? 
Are they comfortable with offworlders, do they view them with 
unusual mistrust, or are they outright xenophobic?

What is law enforcement like? 
Are there special laws that might tangle the PCs? 
If the PCs break a law, what kind of enforcement can they expect?

Major Starport Name
Special Starport Qualities

Faction Rules - 

News Chyron - 
Making a Little Newspaper Handout / Radio Broadcast

PC Actions Destory Assets

Factions are Factions the PCs care about 

A "Live Player" is a person or an organization that is capable of doing things they have never done before. When an unprecedented geopolitical crisis hits (like a sudden war, an unexpected economic embargo, or a massive technological shift), a live player doesn't look at a manual. They can generate new, functional behavior, adapt their inner circles, ignore standard bureaucracies, and respond dynamically to reality.
A "Dead Player" is a person or an organization that is only capable of repeating scripts it has already learned. A dead state or institution might look incredibly powerful, massive, and wealthy on paper. However, it is fundamentally a machine run by bureaucrats. When an unusual event occurs, it cannot adapt. It tries to force the crisis into its pre-existing, rigid regulatory frameworks, effectively blinding itself to the reality of the threat until it breaks.

PC Factions are possible 
HP 
FacCreds
XP
Tags (1 or 2)
Force / Cunning / Wealth
Starting Goal
Faction Tag


Asset Cap - Rating

Procedures 
Decide On Scale
Set Homeworld and Bases of Influence
Newborn Faction: 2/1/1 Assets: 1/0 
Minor 4/3/1 - 15 HP Assets: 1/1
Major 6/5/3 - 29 HP Assets: 2/2
Hegemon 8/7/5 - 49  Assets: 4/4
Add Planetary Government Tag for Planet Rulers

Pick Conflicting Goals, No Hiding

Make Faction Assets Easy to Command

1 FacCred = 100,000

Colony World
Thinly-populated worlds with limited infrastructure 
tend to have weak colonial governments concerned 
chiefly with issues of basic survival rather than expan
sion or intrigue.
Attributes: Force 4, Cunning 3, Wealth 1
Hit Points: 15
Assets: Guerrilla Populace/Force 2 and Saboteurs/Cunning 2
Tags: Colonists

Lost World
Primitive and barbaric by the standards of the space go
ing worlds, a lost world lacks the technical resources of 
their neighbors, but may well have substantial advan
tages in population and cultural cohesion depending on 
the world’s habitability.
Attributes: Force 4, Cunning 1, Wealth 3
Hit Points: 15
Assets: Zealots/Force 3, Harvesters/Wealth 1
Tags: Savage

Backwater Planet
Perhaps this world was important once, but disaster, 
ennui, or the Scream has left it a sleepy planet disinter
ested in the wider galaxy. Most worlds with ordinary 
levels of technology in a sector will fit this template.
Attributes: Force 6, Cunning 3, Wealth 5
Hit Points: 29
Assets: Postech Infantry/Force 4, Planetary Defenses/
Force 6, Informers/Cunning 1, Bank/Wealth 4
Tags: Deep Rooted

Zealous Faith
This religious organization is a powerful force in the 
sector, likely with major congregations on several 
worlds. 
Attributes: Force 3, Cunning 6, Wealth 5
Hit Points: 29
Assets: Demagogue/Cunning 6, Organization Moles/
Cunning 5, Zealots/Force 3, Marketers/Wealth 5
Tags: Theocratic

Regional Hegemon
This world is the mightiest military power in the sector 
and leads a half-dozen neighboring worlds in a “volun
tary confederation” that it ever seeks to expand.
Attributes: Force 8, Cunning 5, Wealth 7
Hit Points: 49
Assets: Space Marines/Force 7, Planetary Defenses/
Force 6, Blockade Fleet/Force 5, Extended The
ater/Force 4, Pretech Manufactory/Wealth 7, 
Shipping Combine/Wealth 4, Tripwire Cells/
Cunning 4, Cyberninjas/Cunning 3
Tags: Imperialists

Mercantile Combine
A star-spanning consortium of merchants might oper
ate out of one particular world, but their final loyalty 
is always to their credit balance.
Attributes: Force 3, Cunning 5, Wealth 6
Hit Points: 29
Assets: Venture Capital/Wealth 6, Shipping Combine/
Wealth 4, Hardened Personnel/Forces 2, Black
mail/Cunning 2
Tags: Plutocratic