Prose Summary of Plan:

The overview-goal of this system is a Stars Without Number TTRPG companion - Players can review the starting worlds and see what sorts of characters they want to make from there, the general details of the worlds they have explored so far, and possible future worlds or avenues for exploration. The GM uses this as a basic sector generator, Fleshes out the initial starting worlds using the randomly generated, can add copious notes and references to the quests and things. At its core this app does not do the "important" creative stuff like designing storylines, quests, vibes, looks, NPCs, but does provide randomly rolled shells for those things (which can be rejected).

The core use case is that me, the GM, presses the sector generation button. The sector fills out all the procedural stuff in terms of planets, tags, etc. It then selects a starting location and "Known Worlds" which get even more supplemental procedural cultural information, and then I work on filling out the actual worldbuilding based on what was rolled. The remaining worlds remain only with the base procedure. The known worlds are presented to the players through the interface or presentation. They can only see the known worlds. 

As play proceeds, across systems, I OPTIONALLY add procedural cultural information (or maybe come up with totally unique stuff), change visibility and do actual worldbuilding based on that information.

As of yet this is still an internal project for my use (and my players use) only. I may use it as inspiration for something else. Expanding this to a VTT is not in scope. Dynamically generating all the real worldbuilding is not in scope. Visually, the app should have clear, symbolic art.  

Plan - in order:

Brackets = [Clarity of Vision]

Overview:
1. [Clear] Cleanup, Bugs and Simple Elaborations
2. [Clear] Portrait System
3. [Clear] "Starting World" Visibility Filter
4. [Clear] "Politics System" - Political Dominance
5. Reconoiter - Redesign and add clarity to the below
5. [Unclear] Expanded Culture Flavor and Naming System and Procedural World Detailing  
6. [Very Unclear] Faction System 
7. [Very Unclear]  Export Systems
8. [Totally Unknown]  Final Polish
9. "Ship it"

1. Cleanup, Bugs, Simple Elaborations

* Planet color mapping in top down view by type
* Planet color + size mapping in symbolic view by type (size already)
* Star Color Mapping in top down view by type
* Star Color and Size Mapping in symbolic view by type
* Star Color and Size Mapping in Sector Mapping
* Route 'Hyperlink' button needs to be re-added due to multi-hex jumps
** need both endpoint links

Planet Angle Spacing for UI reasons
Planet AU Spacing for domain-level Physical Feasibility reasons ("Clearing orbit", etc)
Planet AU Spacing for UI reasons (not readable)
Representation of asteroid and kuiper belts in top down as "donuts"
** This will mean that belt related POIs need an angle too so they can be represented consistently  

Gas cloud blobs in symbolic view
Representation of gas clouds in top down as blobs or belts 
(not sure which)
Possible - diffuse cloud that exends outwards past system boundary

Actual Implementation of Inhab Planet summary icons (pop, hab, tl)

CSS: symbolic object grid and track should now be the same size (no dead space betneath track)

Better Representation of Being a Moon in Symbolic View (different colored ecliptic line)
Better Representation of Being a Moon in BasicSignal - mention for moons
Moon Naming Scheme - Aa Ab etc for moons of A, instead of Moon taking next letter
Show top down label for moon instead of host planet

POI Naming system: 
Type-RomanNumeral-ParentObjectName

POI missing info:
The random details from the POI table should appear in GMNote
BUG Random details should be rolled independently from eachother 

Minor UI Note 
BulkComposition Water should appear as Water or Ice depending if planet is sub-polar or not. Appearance change only

2. Portraits for standard objects

Generation of AI art and programmatic variation of it to create 12 image bank per object type
Random persistent image from that specific applied to object during sector generation
Hosting of images on site

Special Exception - Explicit Placeholders required for Inhabited worlds - inhabited worlds will be generated by human user and communicated out of band
Special Exception - Ship will have a placeholder as well

Outline -
For each star type, 
For each planet template
For each OtherObject Type
For each POI Type
For each Route 
(Did I miss any?)

3 base images through AI image Gen
Horizontally flipped variant x2
Colorshift x3

Special Guidelines - 
No other stellar objects should be in view (inconsistency down the road)
No ships or structures either
No Text 
Target Object should be centered in frame
Have at least some color elements 

Going to create a semi-manual local HMTL "jig" for human image variation review
Doing a 2 human-tuned hue angle shift per object

3. Starting World Selection

A. Randomly Pick an inhabited planet and put the ship there
B. Set the visibilty of everything in that system to basic scan.
C. Apply Basic Visibility to all routes connected to that system
D. Apply Basic Visibility to all systems connected to that system too 
E. (not transitive, Do not apply visibility to the second order routes)

4. Politics System - 

Basic Idea - Each Inhab planet has alliegance / polity, Each Inhabited Planet has Attack/Defense/Projection based on its population and TL. Strong polities conquer weaker ones and project force, based on attack, defense, projection

(Non transitive - conquering worlds does not give more attack/defense/projection - track homeworlds only).

Attack - Ability to Dominate Other Worlds
Defend - Ability to Defend Other's Attacks
Project - Range at which you can attack - 0 - only same system - 1 Jump away, 2, etc. 

Attackers that win conquer the system and add it to polity (not recursive)

Defenders win Ties - Causes Contemporaneous "Battle" notes for history 
(TBD how this will be used)

Include this in political scan (TBD Format)

5. Random Culture Assignement for Known Worlds
- Assign culture table to each KNOWN WORLD (visible from start)
- Randomly Roll World Names and assign to that 
-- Tiebreaker for multi-habited systems - attack power (see above)
- (note that this does not care about polities - conquered worlds would keep their own names)

World Detailing - 

See sub-document Sector_Building_Stream_Notes.txt - these are my notes regarding the specifics of sector building from the book. The world detailing sub section has brief notes, and it probably requires a lot of elaboration.

Add these to the Scan boxes (TBD Format)

6. Faction Building 

For initial creation - a single faction is placed on the "Starting world", and a single asset is placed. 

In future, additional factions will be added. 

See sub-document Sector_Building_Stream_Notes.txt - This section has a brief summary of the faction system, requires elaboration from the book. 

Details TBD

7. Export System 

Certain views should be exportable in json or readable formats

Details TBD

8 Final Polish

More images? Naming? Logos? etc
Details TBD

9 Ship it. 

Write a brief demo and present it on my stream.